Refactor to improve the user experience with non-ASCII characters (#3206)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/techref/encodings.md

# Supported Encodings and Non-ASCII Characters

GMT supports a number of encodings and each encoding contains a set of ASCII and non-ASCII

> characters. Below are a few of the most common encodings and the characters they support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characters. Below are some of the most common encodings and characters that are supported.
```

In PyGMT, you can use any of these ASCII and non-ASCII characters in arguments and text

> strings. When use non-ASCII characters in PyGMT, the easiest way is to copy and paste

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strings. When using non-ASCII characters in PyGMT, the easiest way is to copy and paste
```

| **\25x** | &#x2666; | &#x2665; | &#x2660; | &#x2194; | &#x2190; | &#x2191; | &#x2192; | &#x2193; |
| **\26x** | &#x00b0; | &#x00b1; | &#x2033; | &#x2265; | &#x00d7; | &#x221d; | &#x2202; | &#x2022; |
| **\27x** | &#x00f7; | &#x2260; | &#x2261; | &#x2248; | &#x2026; | &#x23d0; | &#x23af; | &#x21b5; |
| **\30x** | &#x2135; | &#x2111; | &#x211c; | &#x2118; | &#x2297; | &#x2295; | &#x2205; | &#x2229; |
| **\31x** | &#x222a; | &#x2283; | &#x2287; | &#x2284; | &#x2282; | &#x2286; | &#x2208; | &#x2209; |
| **\32x** | &#x2220; | &#x2207; | &#x00ae; | &#x00a9; | &#x2122; | &#x220f; | &#x221a; | &#x22c5; |
| **\33x** | &#x00ac; | &#x2227; | &#x2228; | &#x21d4; | &#x21d0; | &#x21d1; | &#x21d2; | &#x21d3; |
| **\34x** | &#x25ca; | &#x2329; | &#x00ae; | &#x00a9; | &#x2122; | &#x2211; | &#x239b; | &#x239c; |
| **\35x** | &#x239d; | &#x23a1; | &#x23a2; | &#x23a3; | &#x23a7; | &#x23a8; | &#x23a9; | &#x23aa; |
| **\36x** | &#xfffd; | &#x232a; | &#x222b; | &#x2320; | &#x23ae; | &#x2321; | &#x239e; | &#x239f; |
| **\37x** | &#x23a0; | &#x23a4; | &#x23a5; | &#x23a6; | &#x23ab; | &#x23ac; | &#x23ad; | &#xfffd; |

> **Note**: The octal code `\140` represent the RADICAL EXTENDER character, which is not available in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The octal code `\140` represents the RADICAL EXTENDER character, which is not available in
```
